Okay.
New York City and new lights, okay.
Did you go to campus too? No? okay.
Yeah.
You're so busy now, right? because...
Yes.
Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh, okay.
Okay.
Oh.
Does Colburn give you the high school diploma?
No?
Ohhh.
Uh are you doing like independent study?
For high school, yeah.
Yeah.
yeah... um I'm sorry. uh you, you have to...
You're getting your classes done, right?
That, that takes a lot of discipline.
doesn't it because you have to.... okay.
Yeah. Of... yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah, do you ever miss like regular
school setting or no, that, that's...
Yeah, yeah
Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah, but you're hanging around with geniuses.
in...
It's so light. It's kind of nice, right, where they would understand you.
Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah.
What, what's your goal in music? like music
I mean, it's a huge wide range, right?
What do you like right now?
Chamber music. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah.
Do you ever want to study...
When they say classical music, Europe is the place to go.
Do you want to study in Europe? Where, where in Europe?
mmm-hmm
Okay, Ellie. yeah.
And where is that located? Because I'm not really... Germany, okay.
Yeah. Yeah.
Oh, you haven't. Have you been to Germany though?
How you been to... Really?
Oh that's, that's a big surprise for me because I felt like...
You you would have like
I thought your mom would have taken you when your....
mmm-hmm
Oh.
Yeah, but then pandemic happened, right?
We booked... yeah. hmmm.
The pandemic did a number.
Yeah, are there any plans in the near future?
Yeah, senior summer, okay.
Oh, Yeah, you really love that camp.
But didn't you go to like 10 of them?
Do you want to go back there or that's not your thing?
What? Why?
Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah.